Before we add the upload let's provide another way of taking a picture here on a desktop device which
has a camera.
Because I mentioned that there is a package we can install to make this work.
And I don't want to use my picture here if I don't have to.
Would be better if we can use the camera here as well.
And therefore let's go to the image picker and when I decide whether that picture should be used or
not I can still render it here with use picture set to true but I actually don't want to force me to
use that picture.
I really only want to use it if the camera plugin is not available or if something fails here maybe
if we catch an error here because we can't select an image like this then we might want to also use
our picture here.
So it used to follow pick a reference the native element there and click on it.
However make sure that this exists before we do so.
So if we have a picture of course you could always rendered that picture too but.
But I also wanted to show how to use that platform.
So now we're definitely rendering the picture on a desktop device running that app but we're not always
using it we're just using it.
If capacitor can't find a camera essentially and a debt on the other hand on my device here it's not
the case.
If I try to take an image here I get an error instead of the picture because camera modal percent is
not a function data missing third party package I mentioned.
So let's install that.
The package I am talking about is called ionic slash P.W. a elements.
So let's installed is in our project here with npm install dash dash save at ionic slash P.W. dash elements
and this will install it here in its latest version and let's restart ionic surf there often once this
is installed now we just need to import it and you can do that in your main test file for example there
is simply add import where you import at ionic P.W. a elements just like that.
This will unlock DPW a elements in your project you can all define this in the official box by the way
there you have that P.W. a elements entry where you'll learn how to add and install it.
Now one important note if you're still getting an error after importing that into main T.S. at this
import which you all to find in the capacitor docks here this import here.
Add this to your index not h t mail file then destroy definitely work in theory you should not require
does offer adding does import here but if you do so if you're still getting an error try adding this
import here with that added and saved here to Maine.
Yes let's wait for it app to restart and now let's take picture and it should open this nice camera
modal here where you can see me because this is now really my webcam how I'm sitting here recording
and it looks a bit awkward due to how things are positioned so now I can take that picture confirm and
here it is and this is now a way of also using the camera on devices that have a camera but are not
native mobile phones now of course what you could still consider here is whether you want to show your
own action sheet now where you prompt the user whether he wants to use a picture or that camera because
right now you're always forcing the user to use that camera there is no picture though if I close it
as you see and I canceled this I do get that picture again.
So we do have that fallback here which is really convenient and therefore we even cover that case nonetheless
it is of course worth asking in an action sheet if the user wants to pick or take an image upfront.